Documentation Updates `[AARD-2027]` (#1285)
Autodesk/synthesis: CONTRIBUTING.md

![Synthesis: An Autodesk Technology](/engine/Assets/Resources/Branding/Synthesis/Synthesis-An-Autodesk-Technology-2023-lockup-Wht-OL-No-Year-stacked.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

# Synthesis Contribution Guide

> Synthesis is 100% open source and relies on the FIRST community to help make it better. The Synthesis Contribution Guide suggests ways in which you can get involved through development and non-development avenues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synthesis is 100% open source and relies on the FIRST community to help shape its growth. The Synthesis Contribution Guide suggests ways in which you can get involved through development and non-development avenues.
```

# Why Contribute? Benefits to Contributing

- Prepare for an internship - share your contributions when applying to the [Synthesis Summer Internship.](https://synthesis.autodesk.com/internship.html)
- Add your contributions to Synthesis: An Autodesk Technology to your portfolio
- Meet other members of the FIRST community
- Get involved and learn more about Autodesk products
- Improve a product that you care about - if you use Synthesis and notice a feature you want, get involved!

# How to Contribute

### Found a bug? Have an idea for a feature?

Please [contact us](#Contact-Us) to let us know about the issue or feature!

_A Note to Developers_: Please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. This way, we can ensure that there is no overlap between contributions and internal development work. You may contact us using any of [these methods](#Contact-Us), although email is preferred in this case.

For smaller changes, just submit a pull request and be sure to follow the PR template to create a clear and detailed description of the changes you've made.

### Submit a CAD Model

> Submit your team's CAD model to be added to the Synthesis robot and field libraries by emailing your designs to frc@autodesk.com. Please share them in the form of a Fusion360 Share-link. Raw Mirabuf files will not be accepted.

Reviewer 2: Why don't we accept raw mirabuf files? Wouldn't that be easier for use since then we don't have to export the model ourselves?

Reviewer 3: If I had to guess it would be that people don't export their joints correctly all the time and this lets us fix that

Reviewer: Yeah that makes sense but I think we should also outline specific formats we accept.

* Add your contributions to Synthesis: An Autodesk Technology to your portfolio
* Meet other members of the FIRST community
* Get involved and learn more about Autodesk products
* Improve a product that you care about - if you use Synthesis and notice a feature you want, get involved!

# How to Contribute
### Found a bug? Have an idea for a feature?

> Please [contact bs](#Contact-Us) to let us know about the issue or feature!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please [contact us](#Contact-Us) to let us know about the issue or feature!
```

*A Note to Developers*: When contributing to this repository and making large changes, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. This  way, we can ensure that there is no overlap between contributions and internal development work. You may contact us using any of [these methods](#Contact-Us), although email is preferred in this case.

For smaller changes, just submit a pull request and be sure to follow the PR template to create a clear and detailed description of the changes you've made.

> ### Submit a CAD Model

Reviewer 3: Is this still accurate @AlexD717

Reviewer 2: Wdym? Just checked, and on this branch CONTRIBUTING.md says the suggested change.

Reviewer 3: no I mean like is this still the process for this or were you trying to do something else with a google form or inside of synthesis or something (for Submit a CAD Model)

Submit your team's CAD model to be added to the Synthesis robot and field libraries by emailing your designs to frc@autodesk.com. Please share them in the form of a Fusion360 Share-link. Raw Mirabuf files will not be accepted.

### Write Tutorials, Increase Documentation
We are always interested in ways to make our tutorials and documentation clearer for our end users. If there is content missing or could be refined, please follow our [contribution guidelines](#How-to-Contribute) for submitting a change.

### Translate our Tutorials and Documentation
If you or someone you know can read and write in another language, we would like to translate our text-based resources to make them available in more languages. Contact frc@autodesk.com for more details.

### Create How-To or Project DIY and Inspiration Guides
Did you add a feature to Synthesis, or learn how to use a specific feature? Write a how-to guide or [share your project with us](#Contact-Us).

> ### Share your Use Case

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Share Your Use Case
```

> Hearing how you use Synthesis is valuable feedback to our team. Share your use-cases by tagging us [@synthesis.adsk](https://www.instagram.com/synthesis.adsk/) on Instagram, posting on [ChiefDelphi](https://www.chiefdelphi.com/), or talking about it on [our Discord](https://discord.gg/FuuQ9UGycM).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Hearing how you use Synthesis is valuable feedback to our team. Share your use cases by tagging us [@synthesis.adsk](https://www.instagram.com/synthesis.adsk/) on Instagram, posting on [ChiefDelphi](https://www.chiefdelphi.com/), or talking about it on [our Discord](https://discord.gg/FuuQ9UGycM).
```
